# SILAC phosphoproteomics reveals unique signaling circuits in CAR-T cells and the inhibition of B cell-activating phosphorylation of target cells: Supplementary Materials

This GitHub repository holds the Supplementary Materials for the manuscript SILAC phosphoproteomics reveals unique signaling circuits in CAR-T cells and the inhibition of B cell-activating phosphorylation of target cells. A concise list of the contents is below.

## Supplementary Folder 1: PTM-SEA Python Scripts

Throughout the manuscript, we use post translational modification signature enrichment analysis (PTM-SEA) to gain biological insight about our proteomic data. The scripts used to perform PTM-SEA and quantification of Lck Western blot abundance are provided in Supplementary Folder 1.

## Supplementary Table 1: SILAC Labeling test

Complete list of peptides identified after heavy isotope labeling of Raji B cells and their labeling status. Included are the protein name, assigned peptide sequence, MOWSE score, mass error, SILAC labeling status, heavy proline inclusion, isolated mass, scan number, charge state, UNIPROT accesssion number, UNIPROT gene name, NCBI gi and HPRD accession number for each peptide identified. In total, we observed 5,038 heavy, 11 light and 5 mixed isotope labeled peptides after 8 doublings of Raji B cells in SILAC media.

## Supplementary Table 2: sSH2 peptide all data

Complete list of all peptides identified from pTyr enrichment after coculture of CD19-CAR T cells and Raji B cells. All LC-MS/MS data corresponding to each replicate and each condition are listed as separated worksheets. The assigned names are listed, as well as the position of phosphorylation in the assigned peptide sequence. The star character (\*) represents a phosphorylated amino acid, the pound character (\#) represents methionine oxidation, and the period characters (.) represent the ends of the identified peptide. For each peptide, the MOWSE score, mass error, SILAC labeling status, heavy proline inclusion, isolated mass, scan number, charge state, UNIPROT accesssion number, UNIPROT gene name, NCBI gi and HPRD accession number are reported.

## Supplementary Table 3: TiO2 peptide all data

Complete list of all peptides identified from TiO_2 phosphopeptide enrichment after coculture of CD19-CAR T cells and Raji B cells. All LC-MS/MS data corresponding to each replicate and each condition are listed as separated worksheets. The assigned names are listed, as well as the position of phosphorylation in the assigned peptide sequence. The star character (\*) represents a phosphorylated amino acid, the pound character (\#) represents methionine oxidation, and the period characters (.) represent the ends of the identified peptide. For each peptide, the MOWSE score, mass error, SILAC labeling status, heavy proline inclusion, isolated mass, scan number, charge state, UNIPROT accesssion number, UNIPROT gene name, NCBI gi and HPRD accession number are reported.

## Supplementary Table 4: sSH2 Unique Peptides

List of unique peptides identified from pTyr enrichment after coculture of CD19-CAR T cells and Raji B cells. For each peptide, the SIC peak areas for each replicate measurment and time point, **q**-values, accession numbers and KEGG/GO annotations are provided. Phosphopeptide assignments were filtered by a MOWSE score greater than 20, forward hits only, and assigned an Ascore.

## Supplementary Table 5: TiO2 Unique Peptides

List of unique peptides identified from TiO_2 phosphopeptide enrichment after coculture of CD19-CAR T cells and Raji B cells. For each peptide, the SIC peak areas for each replicate measurment and time point, **q**-values, accession numbers and KEGG/GO annotations are provided. Phosphopeptide assignments were filtered by a MOWSE score greater than 20, forward hits only, and assigned an Ascore

## Supplementary Figures

The Supplementary Figures PDF contains all Supplementary Figures and captions for the Supplementary Tables.

## Supplementary Figure 4: sSH2 Heatmaps

This figure contains all heatmaps generated by PeptideDepot for unique peptides the superbinder SH2 enrichment dataset.

## Supplementary Figure 5: TiO2 Heatmaps

This figure contains all heatmaps generated by PeptideDepot for unique peptides the TiO2 enrichment dataset.

## Figure Files

This folder contains all .png images used in the manuscript, as well as the Adobe Illustrator files used to create the .png files.

